salutations my fault lovers it is Maddie
here today bring you a thought new vegas
video now before anything be sure to
check out the link in the description in
my previous video that is a fall for
hoax our gang busted pretty damn badly
so four years ago on the 19th of october
a certain video game released and that
video game was fallout new vegas and
this video was inspired by a reddit post
pointing that out to bethesda and i
figured i give this game the respect
that I gave fallout 3 and kind of give
you guys a 2014 discussion now instead
of making Connor play through this
entire game and bouncing my opinions off
of his and stuff I figured I'd give my
personal opinion because I hated this
game when it first launched I'd like to
discuss how its aged and how much I
enjoy now compared to what was wrong
with it at the time what's still wrong
with it now and just kind of overall go
over it
so naturally New Vegas only had about I
think a year or so to be developed so
overall the games pretty damn good for
only having a year but there's still
that doesn't excuse a game when I don't
like certain things about it such as the
game world the game world itself I felt
was still to this day even mods
installed on the PC and everything is
still it's much more visually attractive
on the PC but still I didn't like the
whole sandy desert stuff I kind of
wanted those as I like to call them
destructive eye pieces like seeing
unique landmarks in the United States
destroyed I thought that was cool
highlights of fallout 3 and I wish that
something like that made its way into
Fallout New Vegas but all it was was
sand and some buildings there were some
cool locations in Fallout New Vegas
don't get me wrong I thought Hoover dam
was awesome and everything walking along
that thing during the final stretch I
thought was sick but anyways I just felt
that there weren't that many cool
locations that made me go whoa when
playing new Vegas were in fall 3 I'm
like hey I know that place and I can't
believe it's totally obliterated right
now and it's been transformed into
something completely different but
anyways like I said they only had a year
to make it maybe they had these ideas
who knows anyways um the story now like
I said didn't like New Vegas when it
first came out and the story was one of
those issues I had with the game but it
is aged quite well and allow me to
explain why over the years I have
developed my gaming habits a bit around
I'd say the end of 2000 like towards up
like me
and towards the beginning of 2011
perhaps is when I started to develop my
gaming habits into a more mature gamer
investing myself in the story in worlds
that people created and overall enjoying
my games as much as possible and that
was unfortunately right after I
completed new Vegas so it didn't get
that same respect so naturally I was
playing new Vegas for the gameplay and
since it was just kind of more of fall 3
I just wasn't that impressed
so what makes it special now to mature
matter even though I'm really not that
mature um what makes it so special to me
now is because fallout 3 albeit a very
good story a very personal story the
relationship with your dad and
everything is cool and it's just very
engrossing and you know it's all about
sacrifice and saving the wasteland I
think that's awesome
but it lacked choice and that's what New
Vegas lives off of man that story is all
about choices who are you going to
support who are you going to help take
over the waistline are you going to take
over it yourself are you going to
destroy the stripper you're going to
help this trip etc and I feel like
that's a very empowering story mode
where fall 3 in hell even Skyrim
Bethesda Game Studios latest game shows
that Bethesda is good at telling a
decent story but they also tell a very
linear one and that's why their games
get so much praise for their world
design exploration and not from their
storytelling except for Fallout 3 that
was a that was a pretty good story but
you get what I'm saying is that I feel
pathetic should really explore the paths
like obsidian did here in the story
where you choose the fate of the
wasteland and it doesn't involve you
and your game freakin ending at the end
which is another mistake that new Vegas
made and that's kind of one of the
things that really bothered me with New
Vegas is that I put a decent amount of
hours into it in my first playthrough
even though I really wasn't enjoying it
and it's just because I kept noticing
things that I was like you know it was
almost like Dead Island we're in Dead
Island 1 there were a bunch of issues
with the game but overall the idea and
the gameplay itself was so fun and sound
that I kind of overlooked its false
because I knew that that a sequel was
coming and that it would fix those
things and it really didn't and that's
kind of what Riptide was - Dead Island
and what New Vegas is - fallout 3 where
New Vegas kind of just took the engine
took some of the you know the story and
just kind of and and just threw it all
together and add
few tweaks and it kind of threw me off a
little bit now naturally I've discussed
in previous videos like when I used to
do shit people are that's what fall for
needs I used to discuss how you know
pressing issues in the fall games that
need to change such as in this game it
really stood out there were a bunch of
areas in this game that weren't areas it
was like a tent and you'd turn on a
radio and that's it there was nothing
there to offer you and that was one
thing I always bothered me with the game
but overall I feel like the game the
reason I enjoy New Vegas now is because
mainly YouTube I got back into Vegas
because of YouTube and I played it
through again and I kind of started
exploring messin with mods improving the
overall game experience and that's what
really saved the game for me was just
adding new different stuff to it through
mods so I don't know if it's really I
want to say I like new vegas everyone
want like new Nexus I don't know what
they call it cuz it's one of those
things where it's like it's more fallout
which is always great and that's what a
lot of people are saying they just want
from fallout 4 because it's been so long
it's just more fallout that's a very
dangerous thing to say because then you
look at new Vegas and that was
technically just more fallout because
through all 2009 we got some DLC for
faltering then right back after that
2010 you got falling new Vegas so it was
just more fallout but it wasn't it was
just more of the same things you know
yes they added the crafting system and
stuff but they didn't implement it
properly and that was part of its issue
but overall I still enjoy New Vegas um
it's also worth mentioning it runs a
million times better as you can see I
think the game skipped like once for me
in this game while I'm recording it but
while I'm trying to record fallout 3
that shit skips every 5 seconds and it's
so annoying to play when trying to
record um
but yeah you know the only reason the
only times I kind of go back and play
fault is for these type of videos and
that's kind of what makes going back to
fallout special for me because you guys
always wonder why do I vlog in my videos
and that's just because I don't want to
constantly treat this game as like I'm
going here just to get gameplay for my
job and that's it and you know hop off I
want to come on this game because I want
to play it you know what I mean and
that's what I did with New Vegas I go on
when I wanted to play it and I'd
relatively enjoy myself and find some
new experiences just because I didn't
play all of it that much but overall it
didn't
the same lasting impression or the the
memorable moments that fallout 3 had um
one thing new Vegas really did for me
though was kickstart my channel in a way
and it was in a significant way and that
was because in in New Vegas I loved
hunting rare weapons and then that's
what I did in Skyrim and that's kind of
what kick-started some of my fan base
for my channel and so overall um I gotta
if it weren't for New Vegas I wouldn't
have found what kind of kick-started my
channel so overall I kind of out in New
Vegas something but um ya know I like
the DLC for this game as well um it was
some of my favorite old world blues was
easily one of my favorite DLCs out of
both fallout 3 and new Vegas same with
the lonesome road fantastic DLC although
some people say there's potholes in it I
was satisfied with what it was I thought
Lonesome Road was a pretty cool piece of
story but um one final thing I'd like to
touch upon before leaving you guys is
the music in this game it was taken
straight from fallout 1 and 2 and I felt
that that was a tad lazy as even though
that musics awesome it's just another
example of them taking Bethesda's stuff
and using it or interplay stuff in this
case and using it for their own but
anyways I hope you guys enjoyed what are
your thoughts on New Vegas now that it's
been 4 years since the game launched I
figured I discussed it through this
window and I'd love to know what you
guys feel other nuts be sure to follow
me on Twitter like me on Facebook stay
sexy stay active I love you all peace